{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Filter:\
\
Sepia \
\
Sepia uses contrast, brighten to enhance the images before and after the sepia filter is applied to make things brighter/darker. This eliminated the murky effect that seemed to take effect when sepia was applied directly onto the image.\
\
Greyscale\
\
Greyscales the image while still preserving the mode ('L', 'RGBA',etc) by doing this, if the user wanted to change the colored image back, the option was there. This is as opposed to putting everything in L and having the user manually go back and create a new image instead of modifying the image directly.\
\
Tile\
\
Takes rows and columns and repeats them like tiles\
\
Technicolor\
\
Similar to tile except 2x2 and multicolored\
\
Blur\
\
Uses a technique called convolution which applies a matrix to each individual pixel and uses that matrix to calculate the value of the pixel. For blur, it was the averaging of all the pixels surrounding (including the pixels itself)\
\
Sharpen\
\
Uses convolution as well. I had to toy around with the values to get a good enough sharpening where I thought that it best resembled sharpen filter. \
\
Pencil\
\
Uses convolution. First started off as an attempt at emboss, but after toying with the values I thought this was a fairly cool effect as well and decided to replace emboss with this.\
\
Contrast\
\
Uses histogram equalization. I had some trouble with this filter and it is still not on par with the true contrast filter although it is getting there. The hardest part about this filter was the fact that it equalized the histogram too extremely. At first, I had it filter each separate color plate for a colored image and combine the colored plates. I found this to result in some fairly weird colors. Then I noticed the contrast worked very well with greyscale images and decided to use the greyscale values as the histogram equalization values and use that as a basis to multiply ratios of r,g,b. This way it preserved the ratios of r,g,b and retained the color a lot better.\
\
}